 
 
 
 
 
 
 
            ********** SLATEC Common Mathematical Library **********
 
                                  Version 4.1
 
                                   July 1993
 
 
 
 There are fifteen (15) files in the SLATEC distribution.
 
 
 install -		installation note (170 records)
 
 This file contains a copy of this document.
 
 
 toc -			table of contents (5,098 records)
 
 This file contains a copy of the table of contents for slatec_src.tar.Z,
 the main SLATEC source.
 
 
 slatec_src.tar.Z -	SLATEC source (298,907 records)
 
 This file contains the main SLATEC Fortran source of 1,441 routines.  The
 subprograms are in alphabetical order with an *DECK (name) record as the first
 record of each subprogram.  This *DECK record is compatible with the CDC and
 Cray update processors and the Opcode, Inc. HISTORIAN utility;  it could be
 used as a search string for editing the file on other machines.  The first deck
 is named AAAAAA and contains the SLATEC disclaimer.
 
 There are five (5) machine specific subprograms (D1MACH, I1MACH, R1MACH, FDUMP
 and XERHLT) in the source file.  These are described further in the next two
 paragraphs.
 
 Machine constants, such as word length and maximum positive exponent, are
 supplied to routines in SLATEC source via the functions D1MACH, I1MACH and
 R1MACH.  Make sure that each machine type at your site returns the correct
 values for these functions.  In most cases, this only requires replacing a "C"
 with a blank in the first column of several lines of each function.  The copies
 of D1MACH, I1MACH and R1MACH included in the source have all the machine
 specific constants commented out with a "C" in column one.
 
 The standard error handler has two machine dependent subroutines in it: FDUMP
 and XERHLT.  The routine XERHLT is called via XERMSG when a fatal error is
 encountered and must terminate the job.  The copy of XERHLT included in this
 file contains a "STOP" and thus does stop execution.  However, in most
 circumstances, this normal exit is unacceptable when an error has been detected
 and this subroutine should be replaced at each site.  The routine FDUMP is
 called via XERMSG when traceback information is desired.  This routine should
 provide the traceback information to appropriate output files.  The copy of
 FDUMP included in the source does not produce traceback information.  If this
 function is desired, it must be implemented at each site.
 
 It is assumed that all ANSI-77 standard intrinsic functions are vendor-supplied
 and, therefore, are not included in the main SLATEC source.  In the event that
 some of these subprograms are not resident on the system (e.g. DINT on CDC),
 many are included in the subsidiary programs, spfun.  In some cases, the
 higher special functions (e.g. error functions, Bessel functions) anticipate
 that certain errors will be handled in the intrinsic functions.  This may not
 be done appropriately in vendor-supplied intrinsic functions and may cause
 difficulties.
 
 
 slatec_chk.tar.Z -	library quick checks (60,612 records)
 
 This file contains the SLATEC quick checks.  There are now fifty four (54)
 quick check drivers.
 
 If some of the quick checks fail on certain machines, it does not necessarily
 indicate a problem in the source, but possibly in the quick checks themselves,
 or the machine architecture or the operating system or the compiler or vendor
 or user supplied software.
 
 Please note the following comments concerning this file and its contents.
 
   1. The fifty four (54) main programs (quick check drivers) are
      separated from the quick check subprograms.  An *DECK (name)
      record was placed before each main program.  The deck names are
      TEST01, TEST02, ..., TEST54.
 
   2. An *DECK (name) was placed before each test subprogram.  The
      test subprograms are arranged in alphabetical order.
 
 On the VAX under VMS, the quick checks should be run with KPRINT = 0 or 1 (zero
 or one).
 
 
 guide -		SLATEC guide (2,768 records)
 
 This file contains a copy of the latest version of the document "Guide to the
 SLATEC Common Mathematical Library."
 
 
 list -			SLATEC directory (1,443 records)
 
 This file contains an alphabetical list of all subprograms with the number of
 records and the number of comments in each subprogram.
 
 
 tree1 -		SLATEC tree (1,610 records)
 
 This file contains the routines directly referenced by each subprogram in the
 library.  The routine name is in the first column and the routines referenced
 are in columns two through six.  If more than five routines are referenced,
 they are placed on succeeding lines with the first column blank filled.  The
 expression (NONE) will be in the second column if no routines are referenced.
 
 
 tree -			SLATEC multi-level trees (3,438 records)
 
 This file contains the list of all routines in the SLATEC Collection and the
 routines called by them and their descendants.  The format of this file is
 the same as tree1, except for the number of blank characters between the
 columns.
 
 
 docinstall -		installation note for the Los Alamos documentation 
			program (18 records)
 
 This file contains instructions for installing the Los Alamos on-line
 documentation program.  More detailed information on files slprep, sladoc,
 subsid, and gams is given in this file.
 
 
 slprep -		preliminary program for the Los Alamos on-line 
			documentation program (1,377 records)
 
 The preliminary program, known as SLPREP, generates the four files which
 comprise the database for the on-line documentation program.  Use the main
 SLATEC source, slatec_src.tar.Z, and the GAMS classification, gams, as input 
 to this program.
 
 
 sladoc -		on-line documentation program (1,989 records)
 
 The on-line documentation program, known as SLADOC.
 
 
 subsid -		subsidiary programs for files slprep and sladoc
			(258 records)
 
 The subprograms contained in this file are used by the programs in files
 slprep and sladoc.
 
 
 gams -			GAMS classification file (750 records)
 
 
 spfun -		elementary special function subprograms (3,411 records)
 
 This file contains Fortran code for the elementary special functions in the
 ANSI-77 standard. An *DECK (name) precedes each subprogram.
 
 
 spfunchk -		quick checks for the elementary special function 
			subprograms (628 records)
 
 This file contains quick checks for the elementary special functions in
 spfun.
 
